Docs: Replace terms.md page with page that provides example of API syntax mapping (#3726)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/faq.rst

Additional porting might be required to deal with architecture feature
queries or CUDA capabilities that HIP doesn't support.

> To better understand the syntax differences, see :doc:`here<reference/api_syntax>` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand the syntax differences, see :doc:`CUDA to HIP API Syntax Comparison<reference/api_syntax>` or
```

Author: Fixed
